I want to take a moment to reflect on the profound impact Kobe Bryant has had on my life.
Growing up, I admire his relentless work ethic, unbreakable determination, and the way
he approached every challenge with the same intensity no matter the odds.
Throughout sports, whenever I felt exhausted and my body ached, my mind told me to stop
I thought of Kobe and his mob mentality.
It taught me that pushing one step further, even when you feel you've reached your limit,
is what separates the good from the great.
It's that extra effort that unwillingness to settle that shapes true champions.
As I look forward, I carry that mindset with me.
Not just in my career, but in every aspect of my life.
I know that no matter where I end up, his example will continue to guide me,
pushing me to succeed, to give my all, and to always believe in myself.
As I move forward, building a strong future for myself and my family,
I will draw on the lessons he left behind, not just as a player,
but as a father, a mentor, and a person who inspired millions.
Thank you, Kobe, for the legacy you've left us, for teaching us to dream bigger,
work harder, and love deeper.
We carry your spirit with us, and for that I am forever grateful.
Thank you, Kobe.